Rewrite the Quadlet documentation (#27058)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/options/stop-timeout.md

####> This option file is used in:
####>   podman podman-container.unit.5.md.in, create, run
####> If file is edited, make sure the changes
####> are applicable to all of those.
<< if is_quadlet >>
### `StopTimeout=seconds`
<< else >>
#### **--stop-timeout**=*seconds*
<< endif >>

Timeout to stop a container. Default is **10**.
Remote connections use local containers.conf for defaults.

<< if is_quadlet >>

> Note, this value should be lower than the actual systemd unit timeout to make sure the `podman rm` command is not killed by systemd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: this value should be lower than the actual systemd unit timeout to ensure the `podman rm` command is not killed by systemd.
```

Reviewer: IDK, but maybe bold the word "Note".
